Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Chin)
You're late, Rajiv.
(Rajiv)
There were things
to take care of.
(Lin Wu)
We are very pleased...
you came through for us,
Rajiv.
Let us hope this is
the beginning of a long
and profitable arrangement.
[grunting in pain]
Are you all right?
(Rajiv)
I'm not feeling well.
I've had little sleep.
We have another job
for you.
There'll be no other job.
I'll be content
with what you pay me now.
(Lin Wu)
You don't get paid now.
[footsteps approaching]
Hi, guys.
[gun clicking]
Here.
[gun firing]
Empress Seven to Mama Bear.
Code Orange.
Repeat, Code Orange.
36 hours to match point.
[ringing]
Yes.
Colonel Smith managed
to get a message through.
36 hours to match point.
Code Orange.
I see.
And the Colonel's status?
No verification.
All right,
shift red sector plan one day
and meet me in Langley.
[gun firing]
(Face)
Boy, Stockwell, this one
really takes the cake.
It was a stupid idea
in the first place.
I told you it wouldn't work.
And now you tell us
that you don't even know
where Hannibal is.
What about
all these backup people
you were supposed to have?
Weren't they able
to tell you anything?
Yeah. Aren't there supposed
to be contingency plans...
when something
like this happens?
We simply don't have
complete information
at this time.
Give us a break.
Come on, Carla, you know
how this ship operates.
The two of you,
you never give us
all the information you have.
Only this time,
we're talking about
the Colonel's life.
So a little information
isn't enough.
All right.
Colonel Smith was undercover.
He was tracking
a cache of plutonium...
that was stolen last week
from a nuclear facility
in lndia.
The last message
we had from him indicated...
that he had discovered
a vital piece of information.
He advanced the mission
to Code Orange,
an extreme emergency...
and started the clock.
36 hours to match point.
As you know...
plutonium is
the essential element
in any nuclear weapon.
We must consider
the possibilities
if it were...
to fall into the hands
of a lunatic terrorist group--
Look. We know how serious
the situation is, General.
What we want to know is
what has happened
to Hannibal?
We've had no further contact
from Colonel Smith...
or our other operative
Alice Heath.
So at this point...
we must assume
that the network...
has been terminated.
What kind of operation
is this?
Nobody knows where anyone is,
who anyone is.
Johnny has his own methods.
He's probably fine.
Yeah, well,
we're gonna go get him.
No, we are not
going to do anything.
I'm going to do
the follow-up personally.
Personally?
When was the last time
you did anything personally?
General Stockwell was
an operative in Hong Kong
for many years.
Nobody knows the territory
as well as he does.
Yeah.
But we're going after Johnny.
You're all
confined to quarters
until further notice.
Well, if you want to enforce
that order, General...
you better seriously think
about terminating us.
Hey, man, this time
we're gonna do it my way.
[honking]
Check us in.
The name is Robins.
Come on, Murdock,
let's go.
Hey, where you guys going?
What's happening?
Well, if you're
in a strange town...
and you need
to find somebody,
who do you ask?
Cab driver.
Yeah, but Stockwell
said to stay right here
and check in.
Well, that's great.
That's great. You just
do that. That's great.
Come on.
If these guys
stand around here
all day...
one of them had
to see Hannibal
leave the hotel.
That one.
See this man?
You see this man?
He certainly doesn't seem
to have made an impression
on anybody.
You don't think
he's a bad tipper,
do you?
Here.
The tide is rising.
Have you seen this guy?
Yes. Maybe so.
Ah! It's beginning
to come to me now.
Yes.
Maybe two, three days ago.
And where,
where did you take him?
Do you remember?
Oh, I don't know.
So many people to remember.
And that's it.
All right?
As a grandfather saying...
"Like wilting rose in field,
I am the chosen one."
Terrific.
Now where did you take him?
I will give you
class A deluxe tour.
To tell you the truth,
amigo, we're in
a bit of rush for time.
Time is like
empty bottle of wine.
Only good when filled.
[scoffs]
[Bobby whistling]
[Fong and Stockwell
speaking Chinese]
What have you found out?
Your man Benson
was in room 314.
It has been untouched
since you called.
Benson made
two phone calls.
One to the States
when he arrived.
We were unable
to confirm the number.
The second was
to a local residence.
How many of our men
are still in place?
(Fong)
Quang Tai is dead.
Chung Loo has
returned to Peking.
The others I have to check.
It may take some time.
Time is one thing
I can't give right now.
It must be big
to bring you back
after all these years.
You'll be informed
on a need-to-know basis
as before.
You have not changed, Major.
General.
I see no need to change.
Where are Peck
and Murdock?
Well, Face.
He saw a woman...
that he knows.
And Murdock, he saw....
Something in his head.
Ain't no telling
what it was.
I believe my instructions
to stand by were quite clear.
Well, you know
how impulsive
boys can be.
All right.
I'll deal with them later.
We've got things to do.
Where are we going?
Colonel Smith's room.
(Frankie)
Johnny never kept his room
like this at home.
How are we gonna
find clues in this mess?
If anybody hurt him,
they're gonna pay.
All right,
check everything.
[metallic rattling]
Psst, B.A.
[sighs]
[sighing in relief]
Oh, man!
It's just Hannibal's
designer collection.
General...
[gun cocking]
I think
I found my first clue.
[speaking Chinese]
Gentlemen,
meet Alice Heath.
Johnny's contact?
We thought you were dead.
Where's Hannibal?
I don't know.
He called yesterday
and asked me to check...
points of entry
for an lndian named Rajiv.
We scheduled to meet
a few hours later.
He didn't show.
I tried to reach him here,
but wasn't successful.
Why haven't you reported in?
Security had been breached
with Colonel Smith missing.
I wasn't sure if the codes
were still protected.
So I came here to see
if I could find any clues
to his whereabouts.
(Stockwell)
All right. Continue
looking for Rajiv.
According to our last contact
with Colonel Smith,
we have only...
22 hours left till delivery.
And Johnny sure got himself
in a big kettle this time.
Sometimes size of fish
not important,
size of hunger is.
(Face)
If this kid quotes his
grandfather one more time...
you know, I'm gonna--
Bobby!
Bobby,
are we getting any closer
to where you took our friend?
Yes. Very close.
The road is long
with many a winding turn.
Yeah, well, we heard
that one before, Bobby.
We got company.
So, honorable friend
go to that camera store.
He say he want
to buy stuff.
So, please enjoy
honorable city.
Bobby must go now.
Listen, Bugsy, stick around,
introduce us to your friend.
Forget that, Jack.
I'm out of here, man.
On break, taking a leave.
I'm history, man.
Bonzai, babes.
At least that takes care
of one of them. Now what?
What would the Colonel do
if he was here now?
[panting]
I know.
You slime ball!
All right.
You got 10 seconds
to tell us what you know.
I will tell you nothing.
It didn't work.
Well,
that's because you....
You didn't do this.
All right.
What happened to this man?
This man?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Where is he?
This man is dead.
(Stockwell)
Wake him.
[speaking Chinese]
I guess he must be
more afraid of someone else
than he is of us.
I think I recognize
this man, General.
He looks like a man
I've seen working as a bouncer
at Hop Louie's.
Interesting. Maybe we are
making some progress.
(Stockwell)
What do you know
about the plutonium?
What happened
to Colonel Smith's body?
I've always
thought of Johnny
as some kind of a...
superman, you know.
There ain't no body.
Are you working
for Byron Chin?
They don't always
find a body, B.A.
(Murdock)
Hey, Frankie, do you know
something we don't know?
Why are you trying so hard
to convince us
that Hannibal's dead?
I'm not!
Just trying
to face facts.
Everything we've heard
so far says that
Johnny is not alive.
Frankie, there's not
one shred of hard evidence
that says he's dead.
Yeah, except that goon
back there who says
he was killed.
Well, you shouldn't be
listening to goons!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's just that goons are
not a very reliable source
of information, you know.
Yeah, see the bottom line
here, Frankie, is...
we're not gonna believe
Hannibal is dead
until we get some proof.
If there's no body,
Hannibal is alive.
I think the key to this
whole mess is Bobby.
That little pedicab pedaller.
Yeah, how come
you haven't let Stockwell
in on that one?
Stockwell?
Stockwell doesn't give
a rat's tail whether
Hannibal is alive or dead.
You got that right,
crazy man.
All right, we're upgrading
the status of this mission
to Code Red.
Now, according to
Colonel Smith's message...
we've got 16 hours
before the plutonium shipment
changes hands.
I have arranged for
our friend back there...
to be picked up here
in half an hour.
So I want you
to stay here until then.
B.A. and Frankie will
cover this end here for you.
Murdock and I have something
we got to check out.
No, you're not
checking anything out till
the prisoner is picked up.
And I want you to meet
Alice and me at Hop Louie's.
Understood?
Is there a problem?
Yes. I do not believe that
Hannibal is dead, General.
That's an interesting fantasy.
But we don't deal in fantasy
in this business.
Fantasy?
Wait just a minute
here.
This situation
is no fantasy!
All right. Perhaps that was
the wrong choice of words.
No commander rests easily
when one of his men
has fallen.
But men do die!
Colonel Smith
understood that.
He took that responsibility.
Now we've got
15 hours and 58 minutes
to find the plutonium...
or it won't matter
whether Hannibal Smith
is alive or dead.
The only thing
that will matter is
whether he died in vain.
Now, you went against
my instructions...
and got involved
in this pedicab mess.
They tied to kill you.
Obviously our cover was blown
the minute you stepped
in the hotel.
Face saw a girl.
And Murdock saw
something in his head.
(Murdock)
See, I told you
he'd be running.
He's not gonna
want to talk to us.
I disagree, Murdock.
Once I get through
with him...
he won't be able
to talk fast enough.
Excuse me. We're looking
for a little driver
named Bobby.
A little Chinese guy.
Talks about
his grandfather a lot.
Yes, yes.
What did he take you for?
A ride.
Actually, see, we're looking
for a little action...
and we were told that...
you were the man to talk to.
I have an idea
where we can do some business.
Somewhere I take
all my customers of quality.
Hop in, boys.
How can a guy
who pedals around all day
be so large?
(Albert)
Here we are.
There's a gambling club
in this pastry shop...
that I take
all my customers to.
Bobby is a bit of
a regular here.
Listen, can you
get us in?
Getting in is easy.
Getting out
with your shirt
is the challenge.
Bobby, Bobby, Bobby,
my inscrutable little friend.
You have
some talking to do.
These are the Colonel's
dog tags.
(Bobby)
He gave them to me.
I swear.
He said he couldn't trust
anyone else in Hong Kong.
Please don't hurt me.
And what else
did he tell you?
Well, he said...
he was out of touch
with everyone else...
and he said if you guys
showed up, I should--
That doesn't make sense.
Colonel already had
a contact with Alice....
If he didn't trust anybody
in Hong Kong, that means
he didn't trust Alice.
Wait a minute.
Isn't Stockwell meeting
with her right now?
Yeah.
##[Oriental instrumental
music playing]
Good evening.
Reservation for Stockwell.
Thank you.
I'd like to see Mr. Chin,
please.
Hunt Stockwell.
After all these years.
Byron Chin,
this is Alice Heath.
Byron runs
this establishment...
along with
a few of the patrons.
You must be thinking
of someone else.
I follow the law implicitly.
So, what brings you
back to my little club
after 20 years?
The food. You know how it is.
Two decades later,
you get hungry again.
Would you mind
if we speak privately
for a moment?
Not at all.
Excuse me.
You know I'm looking
for Colonel Smith, right?
How would I know
such a thing?
Don't play games
with me, Chin.
We caught your goon
and he sang like a bird.
He told us that
you're holding Smith...
and the plutonium.
He did?
I'm certain
he was confused.
A pleasure seeing you again,
General.
[man yelling in pain]
[bell gonging]
Is everything all right,
General?
Perfect.
We seem to be pushing
all the right buttons.
Hey, pal.
Where's Stockwell?
He's inside
with Alice.
Listen, B.A. and l
will cover the alley.
All right, you stay here,
keep the wheels clean.
(B.A.)
Right behind you,
Faceman.
General Stockwell, did....
You're not.... No.
Never mind. Just never mind.
Yo, yo, yo.
[stuttering]
He's not here.
We were ready for this.
Come on.
(Frankie)
You got to keep heading
north, B.A.
Make a left
at the next corner.
[tires screeching]
[GPS beeping]
[both speaking Chinese]
Well, how kind of you
to join us...
General Stockwell.
Seems I found your invitation
irresistible, Lin Wu.
Alice, I hope you know
this means a cut in pay.
You know me?
I'm flattered.
Anyone who's spend any time
in this part of the world,
knows the infamous Lin Wu.
Prostitution,
illegal weapons, dope...
if you need it,
Lin Wu can get it for you.
You know,
I always suspected...
that you were
Chin's silent partner.
[chuckles]
I should hire you
as my press agent.
She offers
a better health plan.
You could never tell
by looking at the clients.
I suppose this is Rajiv.
Quite correct.
He chose not to
cooperate with us.
This the same treatment
you gave Colonel Smith?
We had a better way of
dealing with Colonel Smith.
More interesting than this?
Take a close look at Rajiv.
(Stockwell)
You recognize the symptoms?
It's radiation poisoning.
How he dies
is of no concern to us.
How he got it should be.
There's obviously a leak,
in the plutonium casing.
I hate to think
what radiation would do...
to that beautiful face
of yours, Lin Wu.
Probably already exposed.
Now, where's the plutonium?
What if he's right?
Let's not waste anymore time.
Why don't you just surrender?
You underestimate us,
General.
We've been onto your operation
from the moment you arrived.
We know
about your accomplices...
we know about your man
in the tobacco shop.
We even know
about your pedicab driver.
I wonder when you make
your move, Alice.
Did I surprise you?
Hardly.
Matter of fact,
my men are on their way here.
So, you see, your only option
is to do it my way.
I've had enough
of the General's witticism.
Kill him now.
Any closer,
General will die.
You're late, gentlemen.
[grunts]
Well, General,
is that an old trick
you learnt in spy school?
That's Preservation 101.
Nice entrance, huh?
Where's Baracus?
Covering perimeters.
I guess you know by now
that Alice is a double agent?
It wasn't on her resume...
but as you can see,
I was prepared
for that eventuality.
Are you gonna introduce us
to your friend?
Stop, don't touch him!
It's Rajiv.
The man
who stole the plutonium.
He's dying
of radiation poisoning.
There was a leak
in the plutonium canister.
Oh, no.
Oh, great.
I'm gonna die.
[speaking Chinese]
For you, no problem.
It has been many years
since your last visit.
I go get your clothes now.
And plenty
of sponges.
Sponges?
You know, sponges?
Sponges.
Yes.
All right,
take off your clothes.
(Stockwell)
All right,
let's get to it, gentlemen.
We don't have much time.
What's with the salt?
It's iodized salt.
We use it as a back up
to the radioactive pellets
we've already taken.
Since we only had minimal
exposure, it's unlikely that
we have radiation poisoning.
The iodine is to
protect the thyroid gland,
just in case.
It's like a precaution.
Right, like scrubbing down,
burning your clothes,
stuff like that.
You got it.
How do I look?
Good. You look good.
Mr. Luk Toy
better hurry back,
or Alice is gone.
Not necessarily.
She still thinks we're dead.
Yeah, if she does show up,
B.A.'s in position.
He knows what to do.
Ah, Mr. Santana,
you're sponges have arrived.
Oh!
Thank heaven you're here.
I was going to call you.
You wouldn't believe
what happened.
They grabbed us
right out of the club.
They?
Yes.
I don't know who they were.
They left me alone
for a moment. I got away.
I don't know what happened
with poor General Stockwell.
I'm afraid he's--
(Stockwell)
Gone.
But not forgotten.
Why, General, it's a miracle.
Indeed, it is.
[gun firing]
Perfect.
Everything is going
as according to plan.
Was an awesome idea,
Captain.
Thank you, General.
But it's nothing Hannibal
wouldn't have done...
if he'd had
the opportunity.
Hopefully,
it's convincing enough
for Alice to run to Lin Wu.
Yeah, and to Johnny,
and the plutonium.
B.A., look.
Look at that flower.
It's started.
What you talking about?
That flower.
Where I touched it,
it's turned brown.
I killed that flower
with radioactivity.
My hair is falling out,
I have started down
the long...
Iast road to
Dante's nuclear fires.
It's plastic, fool.
Then it's worse
than I thought.
Hello?
(Bobby)
Hello? Is anybody there?
Go ahead.
Just like ancient ancestors...
speaking from
beyond the grave.
All right,
save it for the tourists,
Bobby. What's going on?
I'm at the lmperial Bank
of Hong Kong. She's inside.
All right, stay with her.
We're on our way.
Were you followed?
Of course not.
I managed to take out
two of them.
But Stockwell's going
to come after me.
The plutonium is in place,
and ready for shipment
to the Libyans.
When they pay us,
we are done with it.
If they pay us.
I thought it was leaking.
They don't know that.
In one hour...
it'll be their problem.
All right, signal me
when you locate Colonel Smith,
and I'll activate Phase Two.
Now, how do we know
Johnny's even inside there?
We don't.
We know that
Alice is.
Wu is actively involved
in the financial community.
What better place
to handle your investments
than the bank?
And hopefully,
those investments...
include Colonel Smith
and the plutonium.
You couldn't arrange
for a floor plan in English?
This is a pretty
complicated setup,
you know?
(Stockwell)
This is no run-of-the-mill
bank security.
Which is another reason
to believe that Wu
was involved with this bank.
Every room has it's own
security camera.
The security monitors
are located through
this door on the right.
By using
the monitors...
you'd be able
to cover the entire bank
in a couple of minutes.
On the signal,
you have 10 minutes.
Not a second more.
Be sure to use your time
appropriately.
Ten min....
My watch just stopped.
First it's the plastic leaf,
now it's my watch.
[both speaking Chinese]
[Bobby speaking Chinese]
[alarm ringing]
Hello? What's going on
out there?
Now my ears are ringing.
They're playing our song.
It's on you.
He said first door
on the right.
Yeah, but did he mean
first door on the right...
or did he mean first door
on the right?
No, he's....
I think it was....
There it is right there.
Great.
Have Chang come to me now.
An old man tripped
one of our security beams.
Nonetheless,
we move in 15 minutes.
How are we supposed
to get through this....
You don't suppose--
I don't want to.... I don't
even want to think about it.
Okay.
[grunts]
(Murdock)
I've got to find Hannibal.
And do you see anything,
Sergeant?
Nothing yet.
(Stockwell)
All right, hold your position,
Lieutenant.
We're gonna need
more time.
Yeah.
[whispering]
Stall.
What?
I said stall.
[speaking Chinese]
Restroom.
Frankie, you think
we're gonna have to
go in for checkups...
and find out whether
our nose hairs are gonna
glow in the dark or not?
I wanted to have a family.
You think we can still
have children, Murdock?
I don't think
I know you well enough.
Bingo! I think
we got a winner.
Zoom in on him,
Murdock.
Hannibal.
How's he doing?
Well, he's alive.
He's definitely alive.
All right.
Come on, let's get him
out of here, pronto.
Oh, I hope this
doesn't mean anything...
but I'm developing
a splitting headache.
Look, he's on
some kind of--
Perhaps you would like
a pain reliever.
Anything without aspirin
will be fine.
Chang, will you
take these gentlemen
for a ride...
and kill them?
Gentlemen, we have a problem.
Stockwell, this is
Empress eight. Do you read?
Empress eight,
are you in position?
Yes, yes. But we got
a loiterer here.
All right, drop him.
We need visual confirmation
on Empress nine and twelve.
They are in distress.
Distress?
We don't make contact
in two minutes...
we bring down the house.
Roger. Two minutes. Out.
[sighing]
[groaning]
Thanks for waiting, pal.
You didn't like
the facilities?
Yeah. Come on, let's go.
Visual confirmation.
Three escorts, back door.
Condition of operatives?
Bagged.
Move on my signal.
(B.A.)
Okay, Stockwell,
they're coming out now.
All right, let's move.
[Face grunting]
[exclaiming]
[grunts]
Now I know
what a sack lunch
feels like.
Hey, General,
what's keeping those fools?
[both grunting]
[groaning]
Dr. Stockwell, I assume.
You okay, Hannibal?
Yeah, what took
you guys so long?
Well, you didn't leave
a forwarding address,
Hannibal.
Hannibal,
down and dirty, man.
Good to have you
back with us, Colonel.
Let's get back
to the matter at hand.
Status of the mission?
Code Red. And according
to your message...
match point
is in 22 minutes.
Let's go, B.A.
The plutonium's at Pier 26.
Right, Hannibal.
Well, I knew Alice
would try to set me up.
But they moved quicker
than I figured.
Probably followed you
back from the hotel.
I should have
picked up on it.
Sorry, Hannibal.
Don't worry about it,
Bobby.
We couldn't have
done it without you.
You mean the A-Team
couldn't have done it
without me?
Primo, man.
Pier 26, Hannibal.
Looks like they're already
loaded up.
Go, B.A.
Right, Hannibal.
Are you
out of your mind?
[chuckles]
[men shouting]
[guns firing]
[all coughing]
I don't know much
about nuclear materials,
General...
but I don't think
it would be healthy
if I were to fire right now.
Well now, that would ruin
a perfectly nice day.
You don't possibly think
you can win?
Like you said,
I'm probably already exposed.
I got nothing to lose.
[yelling]
Well, now.
Love it when our plans
comes together.
Well said.
(Face)
I'm telling you,
according to the tests...
we haven't been exposed
to enough radiation to
have any immediate effects.
(Murdock)
Well, that's good,
'cause I'm too cute...
to go through life
like a night-light.
What do you mean,
"immediate effects"?
I wouldn't lose
any sleep over it.
Yeah, I don't suppose
you might wanna...
take along a healthy
Chinese kid with you?
Enjoy your freedom
while you can, kid.
I know I would.
Grandfather say,
"Freedom is like hiccup.
"You must lose it
before it is appreciated."
Your grandfather
must be quite a guy.
Don't know.
Never met him.
See, tourists eat
this stuff up.
[all laughing]
Gentlemen,
you'll be happy to know...
that Sergeant Baracus has
completed his examination...
and he is as unaffected
by the radiation
as the rest of us.
So, in the light
of this good news...
we're going home in 12 hours.
I thought we were
entitled to a vacation,
General.
Correct. 1 2 hours worth.
Gentlemen, eyes here.
Now that I've had
an opportunity...
to evaluate your methods
more intimately...
I am anxious
to get you
back to work.
(Frankie)
General, how come
all the sponges?
One of the rewards
of doing it my way.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org